Shripad/ANGULAR/README.md, before:

# Reports 
## Angular
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Week : 11 Mar. to 15 Mar.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 11 Mar.
* [I tried to understand Hello World Code in Angular But I didn't get it So I requested Mr. MUKUND to explain me the code.](#Hello_World)

* [Mr. MUKUND asked me to go through the Documentation first, beginning with "Getting Started" Section then "Tutorials" Section.](#Getting_Started)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 12 Mar.
* [Completed 'Getting Started' Section from Angular and did CLI installation.](#Getting_Started)

* [Did some practical on my-app (first app with Angular) which helped me to understand the linking of files.](#)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 13 Mar.
* [ran Harshada's Webpage on my Machine and understood the execution process.](#)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 14 March 2019
* [Added Udemy Course Angular for Beginners to my personal account.](#Angular_for_Beginners)

* [Watched few min.s of Udemy Course, some part of Youtube Video and I got confused. So I asked Seniors they told me to follow Documentation only regarding Angular.](#)

* [Completed Introduction and Application shell part of Angular from Tutorial Section.](#Tutorial_Introduction)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 15 March 2019
* [Mr. SAURABH explained concept of Javascript function callback stack with example.](#)

* [Started The Hero Editor subpoint from Tutorial Section of Angular.](#Hero_Editor)


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Hello_World
```sh
https://stackblitz.com/angular/xedkoqdgbka?file=src%2Fapp%2Fheroes%2Fheroes.component.html
```

### Getting_Started
```sh
https://angular.io/guide/quickstart
```

### Angular_for_Beginners
```sh
https://www.udemy.com/angular-for-beginners-course/learn/v4/content
```

### Tutorial_Introduction
```sh
https://angular.io/tutorial
https://angular.io/tutorial/toh-pt0
```

### Hero_Editor
```sh
https://angular.io/tutorial/toh-pt1
```

Commit message:

Date 20 March. Before Lunch Time Started Udemy Course of React and Redux

Shripad/ANGULAR/README.md, after:

# Reports 
## Angular
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Week : 11 Mar. to 15 Mar.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 11 Mar.
* [I tried to understand Hello World Code in Angular But I didn't get it So I requested Mr. MUKUND to explain me the code.](#Hello_World)

* [Mr. MUKUND asked me to go through the Documentation first, beginning with "Getting Started" Section then "Tutorials" Section.](#Getting_Started)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 12 Mar.
* [Completed 'Getting Started' Section from Angular and did CLI installation.](#Getting_Started)

* [Did some practical on my-app (first app with Angular) which helped me to understand the linking of files.](#)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 13 Mar.
* [ran Harshada's Webpage on my Machine and understood the execution process.](#)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 14 Mar.
* [Added Udemy Course Angular for Beginners to my personal account.](#Angular_for_Beginners)

* [Watched few min.s of Udemy Course, some part of Youtube Video and I got confused. So I asked Seniors they told me to follow Documentation only regarding Angular.](#)

* [Completed Introduction and Application shell part of Angular from Tutorial Section.](#Tutorial_Introduction)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 15 Mar.
* [Mr. SAURABH explained concept of Javascript function callback stack with example.](#)

* [Started The Hero Editor subpoint from Tutorial Section of Angular.](#Hero_Editor)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Week : 18 Mar. to 22 Mar.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 18 Mar.
### Holiday
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 19 Mar.
### On Leave
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 20 Mar.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Hello_World
```sh
https://stackblitz.com/angular/xedkoqdgbka?file=src%2Fapp%2Fheroes%2Fheroes.component.html
```

### Getting_Started
```sh
https://angular.io/guide/quickstart
```

### Angular_for_Beginners
```sh
https://www.udemy.com/angular-for-beginners-course/learn/v4/content
```

### Tutorial_Introduction
```sh
https://angular.io/tutorial
https://angular.io/tutorial/toh-pt0
```

### Hero_Editor
```sh
https://angular.io/tutorial/toh-pt1
```
