Shripad/README.md, before:

# Reports

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Week : 11 Feb. to 15 Feb.
________________________________________________________________________________

* [adding init.sql file to docker-compose.yml for creating database at startup.](#)
* [worked on "try not to go back after logging out" for my project (half success).](#)
* [worked on Harshada's project to make it run.](#)
* [Grid layout Bootstrap.](#)
* [HTML Standard.](#)
* [PHP : PSR1,PSR2 Coding Standard.](#)
* [DOM Introduction.](#)
* [Web API : Node Event Element Document.](#)
* [Responsive Web Design.](#)
* [Device Metrics (Mobile Specifications)](#)
* [Media Queries.](#)
* [CSS3 values.](#)
* [z-index.](#)
* [CSS-Layout.](#)
* [Box Model.](#)
* [Bootstrap Introduction.](#)

________________________________________________________________________________

## College 
```sh
(Project portability,HTML & PHP Standards,DOM,Web API,Media Queries,CSS layout)
```
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


## Week : 18 Feb. to 22 Feb.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 18 Feb.
* [Looked at GitHub-tips link from Slack, and made few changes accordingly.](#git_tips)

* [Then installed CLI for git-tips with the help of Google.](#git-tips_CLI)

* [Completed 'Getting Started', 'Grid Layout', 'Utilities Borders' from Bootstrap Documentation.](#bootstrap_18_Feb)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 19 Feb.
* [I did some practicals on vim using cheatsheet.](#vim_cheatsheet)

* [I read concept of flexbox.](#Concept_of_Flexbox)

* [Well, Today We didn't manage to explain what we learnt so far, as a result we are asked to start reading from beginning.](#New_Start_19_Feb.)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 20 Feb.
* [As I reported yesterday, We are asked to start reading from beginning, So I completed overview section first. I gone though each and every sub point from overview and noted down important values.](#bootstrap_18_Feb)

* [Then I completed Grid System. I note down and understood each and every sub point from grid system, Now I am bit confident about it.](#Grid_System)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 21 Feb.
* [Completed reading Utilities for layout. There are few further references which I updated in Bootstrap README file](#Utilities_for_layout)

* [I found Utilities for layout page less informative So I opened each link and completed reading all 4 sub points of utilites for layout.](#Extra_Information_about_Utilities_for_layout)

* [Started Content section. Completed Reading Reboot, didn't understand much about it.](#Reboot)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 22 Feb.
* [Completed reading Typography from Content Section. Noted importent classes from Typography as well.](#Typography)

* [Completed reading Code from Content Section. Noted importent tags from Code.](#Code)

* [Completed reading Images from Content Section. Noted the importent tags from Images, But didn't understand last subpoint from Images i.e. <picture> tag](#Images)

* [Completed reading Tables from Content Section. Noted importent tags from Tables.](#Tables)

* [Completed reading Figures from Content Section. Noted importent tags from Figures.](#Figures)

* [Completed whole Utilities Section. As well as read Extend section.(lightly)](#Utilities_and_Extend)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## College 
```sh
(GitHub tips, Grid System, utilities for layout, Bootstrap Content & Utilities)
```
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Week : 25 Feb. to 1 Mar.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 25 Feb.
* [Completed Components Section till Card. Now going to search / start reading for assignment.](#Components)

* [Completed Assignment given by Mr. Mukund. Now going to continue reading components for next assignment.](#Navbar)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 26 Feb.
* [Navbar Assignment checked by Mr. Mukund, Starting to built rough layout of my page together with reading next components](#Assignment)

* [Started Working on Assignment given by Sir.](#Working_Assignment)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 27 Feb.
* [Started working on Assignment told by Sir, Completed adding components till Carousel.](#Working_Assignment)

* [Helped Harshada removing link in her web page.](#)

* [Working on adding card component to Web Page.](#Card)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 28 Feb.
* [While working on Assignment, Completed adding components till 'Forms' before Lunch Time.](#Working_Assignment)

* [Left working on Assignment and starting to focus on reading each and every component.](#Components)

* [Completed Components Section till Pagination.](#Pagination) 

* [Slowly going to construct a better web page on paper for assignment, which should consist the meaningful use of components.](#)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 1 Mar.
* [Finally completed all components. Now planning about how to construct web page which will consist all components.](#Components)

* [Started designing Web Page structure on rough paper.](#)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## College 
```sh
(Bootstrap Components, Extend, Implementing Grid System for Web Page)
```

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Week : 4 Mar. to 8 Mar.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 4 Mar.
* [Watched Vue.js Introduction Video from Creator of Vue "Evan You".](#Vue_Introduction)

* [Added 4 Vue.js Courses on my Personal Udemy Account.](#Udemy_Courses)

* [Worked on Boostrap Web page Assignment.](#)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 5 Mar.
* [Watched Vue.js Introduction Video from Official Website, And did some practice as tought in the video.](#Introduction_Vue)

* [Started First Course from Udemy : Pre-Vue.js](#Pre-Vue.js)

* [Read information about Single Page Application, and understood some concepts related to it from Mr. SAURABH](#Difference_between_single_page_application_and_multiple_page_application)

* [Completed till 3rd Section of Course from Udemy : Pre-Vue.js](#Pre-Vue.js)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 6 Mar.
* [Started following instructions from Udemy Video and Built Hello World Web Page on JSFiddle and learnt how to write that file locally.](#Hello_World_in_Vue)

* [After Lunch time Sir told me to Start React instead of Vue. And I am asked to deliver presentation on Main Concepts of React Documentation.](#React_Main_Concepts)

* [Added few React Courses on my Personal Udemy Account.](#Udemy_Courses)

* [Completed Udemy Course How to start Developing in React.](#UdemyCourse_How_to_start_Developing_in_React)

* [Started next Udemy Course, React Basic.](#Start_of_React_Basic)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 7 Mar.
* [Completed Udemy Course React Basic.](#UdemyCourse_React_Basic)

* [Read A re-introduction to JavaScript, before starting React as it was recommended.](#re-introduction_to_JavaScript)

* [Completed Hello World, Introducing JSX, some part of Rendering Elements from React Docs.](#7_March_React_Progress)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 8 Mar.
* [Completed Rendering Elements and some part of components-and-props from React Docs.](#8_March_React_Progress)

* [As I looked at Hello World program there were few keywords I didn't knew about. So I googled for more information about those and Now I understood every line of code from Hello World](#Hello_World)

* [The discussion, Me and Harshada had regarding few concepts of React and Angular with Mr. MUKUND which was very productive, for presentation we were supposed to deliver.](#)

* [Sir was on leave today but I gave presentation on whatever I learnt till today to everyone present in the office.](#)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## College 
```sh
(Vue.js Introduction, NPM, React Basics, JSX, ReactDOM)
```
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Week : 11 Mar. to 15 Mar.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 11 Mar.
* [Friday's Pending Presentations has been delivered today, by all 3 interns before Lunch Time.](#)

* [Updated React Folder's README with Agenda for this week.](#React_README)

* [Completed Udemy Course on NPM Basics.](#Udemy_NPM)

* [Reading and Understanding Components and Props from React Docs.](#Components_and_Props)

* [Started to design Webpage for Kaustubh's Node JS Server Side Rendering.](#Webpage_for_NodeJS)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 12 March 2019
* [Completed Design of Webpage for Kaustubh's Node JS Server Side Rendering.](#Webpage_for_NodeJS)

* [Sir has given modification in the Webpage which requires Conditional Rendering from React Docs.](#)

* [Completed 'Getting Started' Section from Angular and did CLI installation.](#Getting_Started)

* [Completed Components and Props section from React Docs.](#Components_and_Props)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 13 March 2019
* [Completed State and Lifecycle section from React Docs.](#State_And_Lifecycle)


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## College 
```sh
(Components and Props, Angular CLI, )
```
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### git_tips
```sh
https://github.com/git-tips/tips
```

### git-tips_CLI
```sh
https://www.npmjs.com/package/git-tip
```

### bootstrap_18_Feb
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/getting-started/introduction/
```
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/layout/grid/
```
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/utilities/borders/
```

### vim_cheatsheet
```sh
https://vim.rtorr.com/
```

### Concept_of_Flexbox
```sh
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Flexible_Box_Layout/Basic_Concepts_of_Flexbox
```

### New_Start_19_Feb.
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/layout/overview/
```

### Grid_System
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/layout/grid/
```

### Utilities_for_layout
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/layout/utilities-for-layout/
```

### Extra_Information_about_Utilities_for_layout
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/utilities/display/
```
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/utilities/flex/
```
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/utilities/spacing/
```
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/utilities/visibility/
```

### Reboot
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/content/reboot/
```

### Typography
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/content/typography/
```

### Code
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/content/code/
```

### Images
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/content/images/
```

### Tables
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/content/tables/
```

### Figures
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/content/figures/
```

### Utilities_and_Extend
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.1/utilities/
```
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.1/extend/
```

### Components
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/components/
```

### Navbar
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/components/navbar/
```

### Assignment
```sh
https://github.com/4alpha/assignment-2019/tree/master/Shripad/Bootstrap_Project/Assignment
```

### Card
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.1/components/card/
```

### Forms
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/components/forms/
```

### Pagination
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/components/pagination/
```

### Working_Assignment
```sh
https://github.com/4alpha/assignment-2019/tree/master/Shripad/Bootstrap_Project/Assignment
```

### Vue_Introduction
```sh
https://vuejs.org/
```

### Udemy_Courses
```sh
https://www.udemy.com/home/my-courses/learning/
```

### Introduction_Vue
```sh
https://www.vuemastery.com/courses/intro-to-vue-js/vue-instance/
```

### Difference_between_single_page_application_and_multiple_page_application
```sh
https://medium.com/@goldybenedict/single-page-applications-vs-multiple-page-applications-do-you-really-need-an-spa-cf60825232a3
```

### Pre-Vue.js
```sh
https://www.udemy.com/pre-vuejs-everything-you-need-to-know-before-you-start/learn/v4/content
```

### Hello_World_in_Vue
```sh
https://alligator.io/vuejs/hello-world-vuejs/
```

### React_Main_Concepts
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html
```

### UdemyCourse_How_to_start_Developing_in_React
```sh
https://udemy-certificate.s3.amazonaws.com/pdf/UC-9A0VF3ON.pdf
```

### Start_of_React_Basic
```sh
https://www.udemy.com/react-basic-in-just-1-hour/learn/v4/t/lecture/5042056?start=0
```

### UdemyCourse_React_Basic
```sh
https://udemy-certificate.s3.amazonaws.com/pdf/UC-XS3LLXJT.pdf
```

### re-introduction_to_JavaScript
```sh
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/A_re-introduction_to_JavaScript
```

### 7_March_React_Progress
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/hello-world.html
https://reactjs.org/docs/introducing-jsx.html
https://reactjs.org/docs/rendering-elements.html
```

### 8_March_React_Progress
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/rendering-elements.html
https://reactjs.org/docs/components-and-props.html
```

### Hello_World
```sh
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/reactjs-reactdom/
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/reactjs-introduction-jsx/
```

### React_README
```sh
https://github.com/4alpha/assignment-2019/blob/master/Shripad/React/README.md
```

### Udemy_NPM
```sh
https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-Y2ZMO4I5/
```

### Components_and_Props
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/components-and-props.html
```

### Webpage_for_NodeJS
```sh
https://github.com/4alpha/assignment-2019/blob/master/Shripad/React/Webpage_for_NodeJS.html
```

### Getting_Started
```sh
https://angular.io/guide/quickstart
```

### State_And_Lifecycle
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/state-and-lifecycle.html
```
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

14 March, Lunch Time Updating Reports

Shripad/README.md, after:

# Reports

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Week : 11 Feb. to 15 Feb.
________________________________________________________________________________

* [adding init.sql file to docker-compose.yml for creating database at startup.](#)
* [worked on "try not to go back after logging out" for my project (half success).](#)
* [worked on Harshada's project to make it run.](#)
* [Grid layout Bootstrap.](#)
* [HTML Standard.](#)
* [PHP : PSR1,PSR2 Coding Standard.](#)
* [DOM Introduction.](#)
* [Web API : Node Event Element Document.](#)
* [Responsive Web Design.](#)
* [Device Metrics (Mobile Specifications)](#)
* [Media Queries.](#)
* [CSS3 values.](#)
* [z-index.](#)
* [CSS-Layout.](#)
* [Box Model.](#)
* [Bootstrap Introduction.](#)

________________________________________________________________________________

## College 
```sh
(Project portability,HTML & PHP Standards,DOM,Web API,Media Queries,CSS layout)
```
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


## Week : 18 Feb. to 22 Feb.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 18 Feb.
* [Looked at GitHub-tips link from Slack, and made few changes accordingly.](#git_tips)

* [Then installed CLI for git-tips with the help of Google.](#git-tips_CLI)

* [Completed 'Getting Started', 'Grid Layout', 'Utilities Borders' from Bootstrap Documentation.](#bootstrap_18_Feb)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 19 Feb.
* [I did some practicals on vim using cheatsheet.](#vim_cheatsheet)

* [I read concept of flexbox.](#Concept_of_Flexbox)

* [Well, Today We didn't manage to explain what we learnt so far, as a result we are asked to start reading from beginning.](#New_Start_19_Feb.)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 20 Feb.
* [As I reported yesterday, We are asked to start reading from beginning, So I completed overview section first. I gone though each and every sub point from overview and noted down important values.](#bootstrap_18_Feb)

* [Then I completed Grid System. I note down and understood each and every sub point from grid system, Now I am bit confident about it.](#Grid_System)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 21 Feb.
* [Completed reading Utilities for layout. There are few further references which I updated in Bootstrap README file](#Utilities_for_layout)

* [I found Utilities for layout page less informative So I opened each link and completed reading all 4 sub points of utilites for layout.](#Extra_Information_about_Utilities_for_layout)

* [Started Content section. Completed Reading Reboot, didn't understand much about it.](#Reboot)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 22 Feb.
* [Completed reading Typography from Content Section. Noted importent classes from Typography as well.](#Typography)

* [Completed reading Code from Content Section. Noted importent tags from Code.](#Code)

* [Completed reading Images from Content Section. Noted the importent tags from Images, But didn't understand last subpoint from Images i.e. <picture> tag](#Images)

* [Completed reading Tables from Content Section. Noted importent tags from Tables.](#Tables)

* [Completed reading Figures from Content Section. Noted importent tags from Figures.](#Figures)

* [Completed whole Utilities Section. As well as read Extend section.(lightly)](#Utilities_and_Extend)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## College 
```sh
(GitHub tips, Grid System, utilities for layout, Bootstrap Content & Utilities)
```
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Week : 25 Feb. to 1 Mar.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 25 Feb.
* [Completed Components Section till Card. Now going to search / start reading for assignment.](#Components)

* [Completed Assignment given by Mr. Mukund. Now going to continue reading components for next assignment.](#Navbar)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 26 Feb.
* [Navbar Assignment checked by Mr. Mukund, Starting to built rough layout of my page together with reading next components](#Assignment)

* [Started Working on Assignment given by Sir.](#Working_Assignment)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 27 Feb.
* [Started working on Assignment told by Sir, Completed adding components till Carousel.](#Working_Assignment)

* [Helped Harshada removing link in her web page.](#)

* [Working on adding card component to Web Page.](#Card)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 28 Feb.
* [While working on Assignment, Completed adding components till 'Forms' before Lunch Time.](#Working_Assignment)

* [Left working on Assignment and starting to focus on reading each and every component.](#Components)

* [Completed Components Section till Pagination.](#Pagination) 

* [Slowly going to construct a better web page on paper for assignment, which should consist the meaningful use of components.](#)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 1 Mar.
* [Finally completed all components. Now planning about how to construct web page which will consist all components.](#Components)

* [Started designing Web Page structure on rough paper.](#)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## College 
```sh
(Bootstrap Components, Extend, Implementing Grid System for Web Page)
```

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Week : 4 Mar. to 8 Mar.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 4 Mar.
* [Watched Vue.js Introduction Video from Creator of Vue "Evan You".](#Vue_Introduction)

* [Added 4 Vue.js Courses on my Personal Udemy Account.](#Udemy_Courses)

* [Worked on Boostrap Web page Assignment.](#)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 5 Mar.
* [Watched Vue.js Introduction Video from Official Website, And did some practice as tought in the video.](#Introduction_Vue)

* [Started First Course from Udemy : Pre-Vue.js](#Pre-Vue.js)

* [Read information about Single Page Application, and understood some concepts related to it from Mr. SAURABH](#Difference_between_single_page_application_and_multiple_page_application)

* [Completed till 3rd Section of Course from Udemy : Pre-Vue.js](#Pre-Vue.js)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 6 Mar.
* [Started following instructions from Udemy Video and Built Hello World Web Page on JSFiddle and learnt how to write that file locally.](#Hello_World_in_Vue)

* [After Lunch time Sir told me to Start React instead of Vue. And I am asked to deliver presentation on Main Concepts of React Documentation.](#React_Main_Concepts)

* [Added few React Courses on my Personal Udemy Account.](#Udemy_Courses)

* [Completed Udemy Course How to start Developing in React.](#UdemyCourse_How_to_start_Developing_in_React)

* [Started next Udemy Course, React Basic.](#Start_of_React_Basic)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 7 Mar.
* [Completed Udemy Course React Basic.](#UdemyCourse_React_Basic)

* [Read A re-introduction to JavaScript, before starting React as it was recommended.](#re-introduction_to_JavaScript)

* [Completed Hello World, Introducing JSX, some part of Rendering Elements from React Docs.](#7_March_React_Progress)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 8 Mar.
* [Completed Rendering Elements and some part of components-and-props from React Docs.](#8_March_React_Progress)

* [As I looked at Hello World program there were few keywords I didn't knew about. So I googled for more information about those and Now I understood every line of code from Hello World](#Hello_World)

* [The discussion, Me and Harshada had regarding few concepts of React and Angular with Mr. MUKUND which was very productive, for presentation we were supposed to deliver.](#)

* [Sir was on leave today but I gave presentation on whatever I learnt till today to everyone present in the office.](#)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## College 
```sh
(Vue.js Introduction, NPM, React Basics, JSX, ReactDOM)
```
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Week : 11 Mar. to 15 Mar.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 11 Mar.
* [Friday's Pending Presentations has been delivered today, by all 3 interns before Lunch Time.](#)

* [Updated React Folder's README with Agenda for this week.](#React_README)

* [Completed Udemy Course on NPM Basics.](#Udemy_NPM)

* [Reading and Understanding Components and Props from React Docs.](#Components_and_Props)

* [Started to design Webpage for Kaustubh's Node JS Server Side Rendering.](#Webpage_for_NodeJS)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### 12 March 2019
* [Completed Design of Webpage for Kaustubh's Node JS Server Side Rendering.](#Webpage_for_NodeJS)

* [Sir has given modification in the Webpage which requires Conditional Rendering from React Docs.](#)

* [Completed 'Getting Started' Section from Angular and did CLI installation.](#Getting_Started)

* [Completed Components and Props section from React Docs.](#Components_and_Props)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 13 March 2019
* [Completed whole State and Lifecycle section from React Docs.](#State_And_Lifecycle)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 14 March 2019
* [Tried few programs related to Clock from State and Lifecycle, And Hence I completed Documentation till Friday's Presentation Target.](#State_And_Lifecycle)

* [Added Udemy Course Angular for Beginners to my personal account. ](#Angular_for_Beginners)


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## College 
```sh
(Components and Props, Angular CLI, )
```
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### git_tips
```sh
https://github.com/git-tips/tips
```

### git-tips_CLI
```sh
https://www.npmjs.com/package/git-tip
```

### bootstrap_18_Feb
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/getting-started/introduction/
```
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/layout/grid/
```
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/utilities/borders/
```

### vim_cheatsheet
```sh
https://vim.rtorr.com/
```

### Concept_of_Flexbox
```sh
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Flexible_Box_Layout/Basic_Concepts_of_Flexbox
```

### New_Start_19_Feb.
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/layout/overview/
```

### Grid_System
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/layout/grid/
```

### Utilities_for_layout
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/layout/utilities-for-layout/
```

### Extra_Information_about_Utilities_for_layout
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/utilities/display/
```
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/utilities/flex/
```
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/utilities/spacing/
```
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/utilities/visibility/
```

### Reboot
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/content/reboot/
```

### Typography
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/content/typography/
```

### Code
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/content/code/
```

### Images
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/content/images/
```

### Tables
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/content/tables/
```

### Figures
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/content/figures/
```

### Utilities_and_Extend
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.1/utilities/
```
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.1/extend/
```

### Components
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/components/
```

### Navbar
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/components/navbar/
```

### Assignment
```sh
https://github.com/4alpha/assignment-2019/tree/master/Shripad/Bootstrap_Project/Assignment
```

### Card
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.1/components/card/
```

### Forms
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/components/forms/
```

### Pagination
```sh
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/components/pagination/
```

### Working_Assignment
```sh
https://github.com/4alpha/assignment-2019/tree/master/Shripad/Bootstrap_Project/Assignment
```

### Vue_Introduction
```sh
https://vuejs.org/
```

### Udemy_Courses
```sh
https://www.udemy.com/home/my-courses/learning/
```

### Introduction_Vue
```sh
https://www.vuemastery.com/courses/intro-to-vue-js/vue-instance/
```

### Difference_between_single_page_application_and_multiple_page_application
```sh
https://medium.com/@goldybenedict/single-page-applications-vs-multiple-page-applications-do-you-really-need-an-spa-cf60825232a3
```

### Pre-Vue.js
```sh
https://www.udemy.com/pre-vuejs-everything-you-need-to-know-before-you-start/learn/v4/content
```

### Hello_World_in_Vue
```sh
https://alligator.io/vuejs/hello-world-vuejs/
```

### React_Main_Concepts
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html
```

### UdemyCourse_How_to_start_Developing_in_React
```sh
https://udemy-certificate.s3.amazonaws.com/pdf/UC-9A0VF3ON.pdf
```

### Start_of_React_Basic
```sh
https://www.udemy.com/react-basic-in-just-1-hour/learn/v4/t/lecture/5042056?start=0
```

### UdemyCourse_React_Basic
```sh
https://udemy-certificate.s3.amazonaws.com/pdf/UC-XS3LLXJT.pdf
```

### re-introduction_to_JavaScript
```sh
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/A_re-introduction_to_JavaScript
```

### 7_March_React_Progress
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/hello-world.html
https://reactjs.org/docs/introducing-jsx.html
https://reactjs.org/docs/rendering-elements.html
```

### 8_March_React_Progress
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/rendering-elements.html
https://reactjs.org/docs/components-and-props.html
```

### Hello_World
```sh
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/reactjs-reactdom/
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/reactjs-introduction-jsx/
```

### React_README
```sh
https://github.com/4alpha/assignment-2019/blob/master/Shripad/React/README.md
```

### Udemy_NPM
```sh
https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-Y2ZMO4I5/
```

### Components_and_Props
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/components-and-props.html
```

### Webpage_for_NodeJS
```sh
https://github.com/4alpha/assignment-2019/blob/master/Shripad/React/Webpage_for_NodeJS.html
```

### Getting_Started
```sh
https://angular.io/guide/quickstart
```

### State_And_Lifecycle
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/state-and-lifecycle.html
```

### Angular_for_Beginners
```sh
https://www.udemy.com/angular-for-beginners-course/learn/v4/content
```
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
