Shripad/React/README.md, before:

# Reports
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## React
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Presentation
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### DATE :  FRIDAY, 8 MARCH 2019.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Topic :
#### React ➡ Main Concepts
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/hello-world.html
```
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Week : 4 March to 8 March
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 6 March 2019
* [After Lunch time Sir told me to Start React instead of Vue. And I am asked to deliver presentation on Main Concepts of React Docs.](#React_Main_Concepts)

* [Added few React Courses on my Personal Udemy Account.](#Udemy_Courses)

* [Completed Udemy Course How to start Developing in React. Didn't get much of the concepts from that course as course was designed for Mac Users still got some idea about NPM.](#UdemyCourse_How_to_start_Developing_in_React)

* [Completed till Section 4 Lecture 11 of Udemy Course React Basic. Getting the logic behind the syntax and trying to remember it.](#Starting_React_Basic)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 7 March 2019
* [Completed Udemy Course React Basic, This course was way better then Previous Course. In this course instructor showed one example of every basic thing to do in React (ex. Button, form, props, methods, alerts, refs, array etc.)](#UdemyCourse_React_Basic)

* [Read A re-introduction to JavaScript, before starting React as it was recommended. Now going to start reading Main Concepts of React.](#re-introduction_to_JavaScript)

* [Completed Hello World, Introducing JSX, some part of Rendering Elements from React Docs.](#7_March_React_Progress)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 8 March 2019
* [Completed Rendering Elements and some part of components-and-props from React Docs.](#8_March_React_Progress)

* [As I looked at Hello World program there were few keywords I didn't knew about. So I googled for more information about those and Now I understood every line of code from Hello World](#Hello_World)

* [The discussion, Me and Harshada had regarding few concepts of React and Angular with Mr. MUKUND which was very productive, for presentation we were supposed to deliver.](#)

* [Sir was on leave today but I explained whatever I learnt till today to everyone present in the office as well as Took some reviews, questions, suggestions to work on.](#)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Next Presentation
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### DATE :  FRIDAY, 15 MARCH 2019.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Agenda
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```sh 
How ReactDOM creates copy from BrowserDOM ? ✔️
```
```sh 
Components and Props from React Docs. ✔️
```
```sh 
State and Life Cycle from React Docs. ✔️
```
```sh 
Create simple Web App with 2 navigations and pass the file to Kaustubh. ❌
```
```sh 
Do comparative study of Angular along with React. ✔️
```
```sh 
You should be able to work on small piece of work from Mr. MUKUND's Angular Project. 🚫
```
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Week : 11 March to 15 March
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 11 March 2019
* [Friday's Pending Presentations has been delivered today, by all 3 interns before Lunch Time.](#)

* [Completed Udemy Course on NPM Basics.](#Udemy_NPM)

* [Reading and Understanding Components and Props from React Docs.](#Components_and_Props)

* [Started to design Webpage for Kaustubh's Node JS Server Side Rendering.](#Webpage_for_NodeJS)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 12 March 2019
* [Completed Design of Webpage for Kaustubh's Node JS Server Side Rendering.](#Webpage_for_NodeJS)

* [Sir has given modification in the Webpage which requires Conditional Rendering from React Docs. So Now I am going to work on Webpage after I reach that section.](#)

* [Completed Components and Props section from React Docs.](#Components_and_Props)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 13 March 2019
* [Completed State and Lifecycle section from React Docs.](#State_And_Lifecycle)

* [Tried to run every example given in the Docs.](#)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 14 March 2019
* [Tried few programs related to Clock from State and Lifecycle.](#State_And_Lifecycle)

* [And hence I completed Documentation till Friday's Presentation Target.](#)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Udemy_Courses
```sh
https://www.udemy.com/home/my-courses/learning/
```

### React_Main_Concepts
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html
```

### UdemyCourse_How_to_start_Developing_in_React
```sh
https://udemy-certificate.s3.amazonaws.com/pdf/UC-9A0VF3ON.pdf
```

### Starting_React_Basic
```sh
https://www.udemy.com/react-basic-in-just-1-hour/learn/v4/t/lecture/5042056?start=0
```

### UdemyCourse_React_Basic
```sh
https://udemy-certificate.s3.amazonaws.com/pdf/UC-XS3LLXJT.pdf
```

### re-introduction_to_JavaScript
```sh
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/A_re-introduction_to_JavaScript
```

### 7_March_React_Progress
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/hello-world.html
https://reactjs.org/docs/introducing-jsx.html
https://reactjs.org/docs/rendering-elements.html
```

### 8_March_React_Progress
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/rendering-elements.html
https://reactjs.org/docs/components-and-props.html
```

### Hello_World
```sh
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/reactjs-reactdom/
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/reactjs-introduction-jsx/
```

### Udemy_NPM
```sh
https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-Y2ZMO4I5/
```

### Components_and_Props
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/components-and-props.html
```

### Webpage_for_NodeJS
```sh
https://github.com/4alpha/assignment-2019/blob/master/Shripad/React/Webpage_for_NodeJS.html
```

### State_And_Lifecycle
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/state-and-lifecycle.html
```

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

Date 15 March. Updating Reports files

Shripad/React/README.md, after:

# Reports
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## React
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Presentation
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### DATE :  FRIDAY, 8 MARCH 2019. ✔️
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Topic :
#### React ➡ Main Concepts
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/hello-world.html
```
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Week : 4 March to 8 March
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 6 March 2019
* [After Lunch time Sir told me to Start React instead of Vue. And I am asked to deliver presentation on Main Concepts of React Docs.](#React_Main_Concepts)

* [Added few React Courses on my Personal Udemy Account.](#Udemy_Courses)

* [Completed Udemy Course How to start Developing in React. Didn't get much of the concepts from that course as course was designed for Mac Users still got some idea about NPM.](#UdemyCourse_How_to_start_Developing_in_React)

* [Completed till Section 4 Lecture 11 of Udemy Course React Basic. Getting the logic behind the syntax and trying to remember it.](#Starting_React_Basic)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 7 March 2019
* [Completed Udemy Course React Basic, This course was way better then Previous Course. In this course instructor showed one example of every basic thing to do in React (ex. Button, form, props, methods, alerts, refs, array etc.)](#UdemyCourse_React_Basic)

* [Read A re-introduction to JavaScript, before starting React as it was recommended. Now going to start reading Main Concepts of React.](#re-introduction_to_JavaScript)

* [Completed Hello World, Introducing JSX, some part of Rendering Elements from React Docs.](#7_March_React_Progress)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 8 March 2019
* [Completed Rendering Elements and some part of components-and-props from React Docs.](#8_March_React_Progress)

* [As I looked at Hello World program there were few keywords I didn't knew about. So I googled for more information about those and Now I understood every line of code from Hello World](#Hello_World)

* [The discussion, Me and Harshada had regarding few concepts of React and Angular with Mr. MUKUND which was very productive, for presentation we were supposed to deliver.](#)

* [Sir was on leave today but I explained whatever I learnt till today to everyone present in the office as well as Took some reviews, questions, suggestions to work on.](#)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Next Presentation
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### DATE :  FRIDAY, 15 MARCH 2019.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Agenda
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```sh 
How ReactDOM creates copy from BrowserDOM ? ✔️
```
```sh 
Components and Props from React Docs. ✔️
```
```sh 
State and Life Cycle from React Docs. ✔️
```
```sh 
Create simple Web App with 2 navigations and pass the file to Kaustubh. ❌
```
```sh 
Do comparative study of Angular along with React. ✔️
```
```sh 
You should be able to work on small piece of work from Mr. MUKUND's Angular Project. 🚫
```
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Week : 11 March to 15 March
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 11 March 2019
* [Friday's Pending Presentations has been delivered today, by all 3 interns before Lunch Time.](#)

* [Completed Udemy Course on NPM Basics.](#Udemy_NPM)

* [Reading and Understanding Components and Props from React Docs.](#Components_and_Props)

* [Started to design Webpage for Kaustubh's Node JS Server Side Rendering.](#Webpage_for_NodeJS)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 12 March 2019
* [Completed Design of Webpage for Kaustubh's Node JS Server Side Rendering.](#Webpage_for_NodeJS)

* [Sir has given modification in the Webpage which requires Conditional Rendering from React Docs. So Now I am going to work on Webpage after I reach that section.](#)

* [Completed Components and Props section from React Docs.](#Components_and_Props)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 13 March 2019
* [Completed State and Lifecycle section from React Docs.](#State_And_Lifecycle)

* [Tried to run every example given in the Docs.](#)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 14 March 2019
* [Tried few programs related to Clock from State and Lifecycle.](#State_And_Lifecycle)

* [And hence I completed Documentation till Friday's Presentation Target.](#)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### 15 March 2019
* [Started Handling Events section from React Documentation.](#Handling_Events)

* [I was stuck at one subpoint then, Mr. MUKUND explained how preventDefault() method works.](#)

* [This concept of adding EventListener to element was difficult to understand again Mr. MUKUND cleared some part of it.](#)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Udemy_Courses
```sh
https://www.udemy.com/home/my-courses/learning/
```

### React_Main_Concepts
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html
```

### UdemyCourse_How_to_start_Developing_in_React
```sh
https://udemy-certificate.s3.amazonaws.com/pdf/UC-9A0VF3ON.pdf
```

### Starting_React_Basic
```sh
https://www.udemy.com/react-basic-in-just-1-hour/learn/v4/t/lecture/5042056?start=0
```

### UdemyCourse_React_Basic
```sh
https://udemy-certificate.s3.amazonaws.com/pdf/UC-XS3LLXJT.pdf
```

### re-introduction_to_JavaScript
```sh
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/A_re-introduction_to_JavaScript
```

### 7_March_React_Progress
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/hello-world.html
https://reactjs.org/docs/introducing-jsx.html
https://reactjs.org/docs/rendering-elements.html
```

### 8_March_React_Progress
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/rendering-elements.html
https://reactjs.org/docs/components-and-props.html
```

### Hello_World
```sh
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/reactjs-reactdom/
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/reactjs-introduction-jsx/
```

### Udemy_NPM
```sh
https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-Y2ZMO4I5/
```

### Components_and_Props
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/components-and-props.html
```

### Webpage_for_NodeJS
```sh
https://github.com/4alpha/assignment-2019/blob/master/Shripad/React/Webpage_for_NodeJS.html
```

### State_And_Lifecycle
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/state-and-lifecycle.html
```

### Handling_Events
```sh
https://reactjs.org/docs/handling-events.html
```

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
